Clean up docs to with regards to changes in SELFDESTRUCT opcode (#14803)
ethereum/solidity: docs/cheatsheet.rst

- ``this`` (current contract's type): the current contract, explicitly convertible to ``address`` or ``address payable``
- ``super``: a contract one level higher in the inheritance hierarchy

> - ``selfdestruct(address payable recipient)``: Starting from ``EVM >= Cancun``, ``selfdestruct`` will only transfer all Ether to the recipient, except when invoked in the same transaction that created the contract, in which case it preserves pre-Cancun behaviour.

Reviewer: Well, now it does no longer says what the behavior is, only how it changes :)

IMO something like this would be more fitting for a cheat sheet:

```suggestion
- ``selfdestruct(address payable recipient)``: send all funds to the given address and (only on EVMs before Cancun or when invoked within the transaction creating the contract) destroy the contract.
```

> - ``selfdestruct(address payable recipient)``: starting from ``EVM >= Cancun`` it will **only** send all Ether in the account to the given recipient, except when ``selfdestruct`` is called in the same transaction the contract was created in; in that case, the behavior pre-Cancun hardfork is preserved (i.e., ``EVM <= Shanghai``), and ``selfdestruct`` will destroy the current contract, deleting any data, including storage keys, code and the account itself.

Reviewer: This extra info should go under [Units and Globally Available Variables > Contract-related](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/units-and-global-variables.html#contract-related) as a note (or better a warning). Cheatsheet is supposed to be, well, a concise cheatsheet, so it should only have a very brief summary of the most important info that's already available in the full form elsewhere.

Also, [Introduction to Smart Contracts > Deactivate and Self-destruct](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/introduction-to-smart-contracts.html#deactivate-and-self-destruct) seems to be the place where `selfdestruct` is documented in more detail and this info should also be there.

Reviewer: Also we should probably emphasize that this change in behavior depends on the EVM version of the chain where the contract is deployed and not the value passed to the compiler using the `--evm-version` flag. Many users might not realize the distinction.

Author: @cameel just finished making changes to accommodate your feedback. Feel free to take a look if you can. :)

> - ``selfdestruct(address payable recipient)``: starting from ``EVM >= Cancun`` it will **only** sends all Ether in the account to the given recipient, except when ``selfdestruct`` is called in the same transaction the contract was created in; in that case, the behavior pre-Cancun hardfork is preserved (i.e., ``EVM <= Shanghai``), and ``selfdestruct`` will destroy the current contract, deleting any data, including storage keys, code, or the account itself.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ``selfdestruct(address payable recipient)``: starting from ``EVM >= Cancun`` it will **only** send all Ether in the account to the given recipient, except when ``selfdestruct`` is called in the same transaction the contract was created in; in that case, the behavior pre-Cancun hardfork is preserved (i.e., ``EVM <= Shanghai``), and ``selfdestruct`` will destroy the current contract, deleting any data, including storage keys, code and the account itself.
```
